Updated Cosmos DB docs for Dapr 1.7 (#2328)
dapr/docs: daprdocs/content/en/reference/components-reference/supported-state-stores/setup-azure-cosmosdb.md

## Data format

To use the Cosmos DB state store, your data must be sent to Dapr in JSON-serialized format. Having it just JSON *serializable* will not work.

> If you are using the Dapr SDKs (e.g. the [.NET SDK](https://github.com/dapr/dotnet-sdk)), the SDK will serialize your data to JSON for you, automatically.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are using the Dapr SDKs (for example the [.NET SDK](https://github.com/dapr/dotnet-sdk)), the SDK automatically serializes your data to JSON.
```

If you want to invoke Dapr's HTTP endpoint directly, take a look at the examples (using curl) in the [Partition keys](#partition-keys) section below.

## Partition keys

For **non-actor state** operations, the Azure Cosmos DB state store will use the `key` property provided in the requests to the Dapr API to determine the Cosmos DB partition key. This can be overridden by specifying a metadata field in the request with a key of `partitionKey` and a value of the desired partition.

> The following operation will use `nihilus` as the partition key value sent to Cosmos DB:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following operation uses `nihilus` as the partition key value sent to Cosmos DB:
```

      ]'
```

For **actor** state operations, the partition key is generated by Dapr using the `appId`, the actor type, and the actor id, such that data for the same actor always ends up under the same partition (you do not need to specify it). This is because actor state operations must use transactions, and in Cosmos DB the items in a transaction must be on the same partition.

## Setting up Cosmos DB for authenticating with Azure AD

When using the Dapr Cosmos DB state store and authenticating with Azure AD, you need to perform a few additional steps to set up your environment.

Prerequisites:

> - You will need a Service Principal created as per the instructions in the [authenticating to Azure]({{< ref authenticating-azure.md >}}) page. You will need the ID of the Service Principal for the commands below (note that this is different from the client ID of your application, or the value you use for `azureClientId` in the metadata).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- You need a Service Principal created as per the instructions in the [authenticating to Azure]({{< ref authenticating-azure.md >}}) page. You need the ID of the Service Principal for the commands below (note that this is different from the client ID of your application, or the value you use for `azureClientId` in the metadata).
```

RESOURCE_GROUP="..."
# Name of your Cosmos DB account
ACCOUNT_NAME="..."
# ID of your Service Principal object
PRINCIPAL_ID="..."
# ID of the "Cosmos DB Built-in Data Contributor" role
# You can also use the ID of a custom role
ROLE_ID="00000000-0000-0000-0000-000000000002"

az cosmosdb sql role assignment create \
  --account-name "$ACCOUNT_NAME" \
  --resource-group "$RESOURCE_GROUP" \
  --scope "/" \
  --principal-id "$PRINCIPAL_ID" \
  --role-definition-id "$ROLE_ID"
```

### Creating the stored procedures for Dapr

When using Cosmos DB as a state store for Dapr, we need to create two stored procedures in your collection. When you configure the state store using a "master key", Dapr creates those for you, automatically. However, when your state store authenticates with Cosmos DB using Azure AD, because of limitations in the platform we are not able to do it automatically.

If you are using Azure AD to authenticate your Cosmos DB state store and have not created the stored procedures (or if you are using an outdated version of them), your Dapr sidecar will fail to start and you will see an error similar to this in your logs:

> ```text

Author: I am including here the error message in full for SEO. So when people see this error and Google it, they can land on this page.
